hi everyone this is Ronnie goo boo and
today we're gonna do a little bit of
testing with the proximity detector so
in the original design you need four
blocks from the center that's one two
three four before the pressure plate and
this is a little bit bulky a little bit
bulkier than I'd like it to be and it
also is optimized by using ocelots so I
wanted to do a little bit testing to see
if you could go under it first of all it
turns out you can and I've come up with
some designs and I also wanted to know
if you could make a proximity detector
behind a wall that would work and I did
and it turns out that there are some
several designs that work pretty well
and I'll show you a couple of them and
it turns out that the wall detector
works pretty well also and if you raise
the fence post you can make it smaller
and more effective and I did a little
bit of statistical analysis to show you
who with some bar graphs how effective
based on normal running bias sneaking
sprinting and using invisibility potions
so let's go back over here so the first
is with the fence posts four blocks
above the ground and we're just going to
run under it and this is with three
oscillates and you see it's already
triggered several times this is five
above with one ocelot and it's already
triggered and it's triggering again now
this is a pretty good system using it in
the ceiling turns out to be very
effective this is five above that means
the fence post is five above the ground
it takes three ocelots that's pretty
effective also and the last is six above
with three ocelots and it triggers but
it took a little bit longer no I didn't
do actual statistics on these ceiling
platforms but I just wanted to test and
see if they'd work also there's not no
block here so if they have one of those
pressure plates it didn't go off
let's check out these over here now if
you have it flush with the ground that
fencepost flush with the ground you have
to go four blocks away before you can
put your pressure plates which is kind
of far this makes it a little bit bulky
and it's gonna be tough to hide that in
a wall because you have to have a pretty
deep wall behind it now the higher you
lift your fence gate your fence post the
closer you can get unless you want to
have more than one Ocelot if you have
more than one one Ocelot you have to
back up those pressure plates just a
little bit now these over here are all
some of the most effective and I'll tell
you exactly how effective they are with
some statistics that I did just by
testing so for normal all I did was I'd
start here and I'd walk by and if it
triggered the pressure plates I'd count
it as a yes if it didn't trigger the
pressure plates by the time I left then
I'd count it doesn't know so let's see
how effective this last one is down here
so just by walking by it there is a
relatively low chance of triggering
those pressure plates and dinner right
now but - out of six times was how often
it and it only triggered those pressure
plates - out of six times and the other
four out of six were were know goes they
didn't trigger that mechanism which is
not very effective when sneaking by we
got four out of the six which is pretty
good and when sprinting by we only got
one out of six while invisible sneaking
by it's pretty well so these orange will
delineate invisibility and that's how
effective it is when you're sneaking
invisible and I just wanted to test to
see if invisibility worked it turns out
that it doesn't matter what type of
block this glass is it could be
transparent it could be opaque it could
be any block they can still affect those
pressure plates through it it's as if
they can see you it's it's as if they
don't even need to see you as soon as
they're near you they will run away to
those pressure plates so invisibility
doesn't really affect it and the type of
block that's in between you doesn't
effective but what does effect it is the
time exposure so if you walk by normally
two out of six sneaking four out of six
and sprinting one out of six let's go to
the next design it's a little bit higher
this Ocelot is kept closer to the wall
more often because that fence post keeps
them closer which brings this to four
out of six which is significantly better
I know it's not a very big number of
repetitions but take me along to us and
it's it's still an effective test so
four out of six for a normal walk for a
sneak it's very very effective five out
of six for a sprint this one's better
than the last one but it's still only
two out of six an invisibility was found
to be unaffected next it's a little
closer at this fence post is one higher
this four above the ground you can bring
those pressure plates in a little bit
and consolidate that a little bit more
and this one was very effective with a
normal walk through it was five out of
six with a sneak it was five of us out
of six also and with a sprint this was
four out of six this is one of the best
sprints
now over here right here this is five
blocks above with one Ocelot this is the
smallest design out of all of them and
it turns out to be pretty effective so
four out of six with a normal walk every
single one six out of six for a sneak
every single one six out of six for a
sprint which is surprising and it only
uses one Ocelot so when this is all over
I think this is going to be the most
effective design it's just five blocks
above one two three four five that fence
post is five blocks above the ground
you only need one space between between
the the center and the pressure plates
and it's pretty compact and it's a very
effective the next two are also pretty
effective but not quite as effective
this one uses three ocelots it is six
above and it got two out of six for
normal it got all of the Snee
and it got five out of six for the
Sprint and the last we have six high
which turned out to be just a little bit
less effective it it still got four
normal and it still got all six of the
sneak but it only got half of the sprint
so it turns out this one is the best
overall five high one ocelot and seven
blocks high would that fence makes it
completely ineffective actually I
suppose you could put a pressure plate
here and it could be a really funny way
to get a a continuous bounce if that's
what you're looking for if you're
looking for us a continuous pulse that
doesn't run off of redstone but that got
annoying so I've deleted the pressure
plate so there we have it we have some
cool tests pretty soon I will show you
some new uses for proximity tests I'll
make some tutorials on how to make this
pretty practically in a base or in a
trap
very very easy to conceal that's why I
love this proximity trap you don't need
to press anything you don't need to step
on anything you just need to be near it
and it will trigger so cool stuff I hope
to see you soon on factions